hi everybody today we are talking about
tammer we've spoken a little bit about
changing your tamper with fingerings so
here I wanted to talk about changing
Tamra with your embouchure and this is
as pertains to doing long time so how do
what to think about what to try when
you're doing long time so we'll do it G
so when you think of Tambor you can at
least start with thinking dark to bright
yeah what I'm what I'm trying to find a
dark tone I I try to feel the
fundamental of the note it lives in the
horn it's not so much a sound that's
thrown out as it feels like to me that
it's the horn itself vibrating
anyway so the point I want to make then
the challenge is to when doing long tons
pick at amber and stick with it
sometimes I pick this one
uh and i'm just going to hold it is as
tight as steady as I can
uh how about a different time
right
yeah and I try not to think too much
about whether it sounds good or bad just
what's more important is is holding
whatever Tambor you pick
I use a double lip on the shirt
sometimes fool around with that timber
I still don't look
oh there i'm hearing higher overtones
pop out so i'll actually i'll try to
actually tune to those overtones so
there are quite a few different ways of
practicing tambor in your in your long
tongue exercises okay good luck